---
navigation.title: 'Dues'
layout: 'full-width'
# Custom og:image
head.description: 'Woodmont Civic Association community dues.'
---

# Dues

Click [here](https://pay.woodmontbonair.com) to pay your dues.

Woodmont is a great neighborhood located in the Bon Air area of North Chesterfield, Virginia. It is bordered by Huguenot Rd., with street entrances on Penrose, Shoreham, Dillion, Dolfield, Woodmont and Astoria. St. Edward Epiphany School, St. Edward Catholic Church and Huguenot Rd. Baptist Church are also on the Northern boundary of Woodmont..

The Woodmont Civic association has evolved from its inception to a voluntary neighborhood association. The association was originally set up as a corporation with an elected VOLUNTARY Board of Directors.   The WCA oversees the basic and general upkeep of the neighborhood entrance areas at Shoreham, Pinetta, and Woodmont Drive. Including:

- Lighting and utilities
- Landscaping
- Signage

It also organizes community committees to support Grounds, Welcoming, Neighborhood Watch and Social when there are enough volunteers to staff these committees. 

_Note that the Woodmont **Civic** Association (WCA)  and the  Woodmont **Recreation** Association (WRA)  are two separate entities.  The WRA owns and manages the Woodmont  pool, recreation building and surrounding facilities on Traymore Rd., in Woodmont.  The two organizations do however, partner for various events._

## Purpose:

The purpose of the corporation, Woodmont Civic Association is to unite the citizens of the area in Chesterfield County know as Woodmont in all civic efforts with such efforts being directed toward making this community a better place in which to live.

## Membership:

Any Adult who is a resident of the area known as Woodmont may become a member of the coprporation upon paymnt of dues and approval of the Board of Directors
