---
navigation.title: 'June Board Meeting'
layout: 'full-width'
---

# June Board Meeting

1. Introductions:
   - We began the meeting with member introductions.
   - Currently, we have 70 contributing members out of 500 eligible households.

2. Agenda for the Coming Year:
   - We discussed the agenda for the upcoming year and made the following decisions:
     - The first public meeting will take place on August 9.
     - Registration for committee volunteers will be open, including roles for grounds, social activities (welcoming, yard sale), newsletter distribution, and community ambassadors.
     - We have also opened the acceptance period for long-term agenda suggestions, which include reintroducing the Welcome committee, community trails restoration, and community social events.
     - The membership drive will be held in the month of October.
     - The end-of-year (EOY) vote on the long-term agenda is scheduled for October 18.

3. Communications:
   - We discussed the communication channels and decided on the following:
     - Neighborhood watch County emails will be sent out to the mailing list for all subscribers. We will reach out to block captains to convert their individual mailing groups.
     - Board communications will be sent out to the member mailing list.

4. Open Floor:
   - During the open floor discussion, the following items were addressed:
     - It was suggested to replace the fallen sign at Shoreham, and a community member has offered to build a wooden sign for the cost of materials.
     - The treasurer position will have a term of 1 or 2 years to increase visibility into the community finances.
     - Old financial receipts will be discarded after being digitized.
     - The focus for the first year will be on increasing awareness and new membership, with an emphasis on reintroducing the welcoming committee.

Action Items:
Based on the meeting discussions, the following action items were identified:
- Purchase extra billboards for the entrances.
- Reduce membership dues to $20.
- Replace the sign at Shoreham.
- Focus on reintroducing the welcoming committee.
- Digitize and discard old receipts.
- Schedule the next meeting in 2 weeks (July 12) for board members only.
- Consider a membership drive, and define desired outcomes, action items, and communication plans.

Additional Points for Future Action:
In addition, we have noted the following points for future consideration and action:
- Request members to submit concerns or ideas ahead of time to keep floor discussions succinct.
- Add dropboxes to the billboards and WRA entrance for paper distribution flyers.
- Make the treasurer position a one-year term.
- Create a registration form for new members.
- Consider changing the title from "Neighborhood Watch" to "Neighborhood Ambassadors."
