---
navigation.title: 'Posts'
navigation.order: 3
navigation.path: '/posts'
layout: 'default'
title: Previous Term
---

# WCA Board Actions 2020-2023

Several significant accomplishments were achieved over the past few years. These include:

1. Increased Financial Transparency by adding multiple board members to the accounts & digitizing records for public access.

2. Enhanced Communication Infrastructure: A new domain name, woodmontbonair.com, was purchased and configured, along with a new Gmail address, to streamline communication by routing emails to various board members. This setup facilitates smooth transitions during board member elections.

3. Streamlined Landscaping Maintenance: A new landscaping company was hired through a competitive bidding process, resulting in significant cost savings for the WCA.

4. Online Dues Payment: A user-friendly online platform, pay.woodmontbonair.com, was established to enable members to conveniently pay their dues using PayPal, with all payments directed to the existing Wells Fargo checking account.

5. Centralized Data Storage: A Google Drive folder was created to store historical data, providing future board members with easy access to essential documents like spreadsheets and meeting notes.

6. Interactive Neighborhood Map: A neighborhood map was developed, paving the way for an interactive Google Map that facilitates tasks such as newsletter distribution, block captain coordination, and identifying entrances.

7. Automation of Email Distribution: The manual process for distributing newsletters and PayPal dues invoices was automated, ensuring timely and accurate communication with all members.

8. Streamlined Membership Data: Decades worth of membership data, including names, emails, addresses, and phone numbers, were consolidated into a single spreadsheet, simplifying ongoing data management.

9. Entrance Improvements: A new Woodmont sign was installed at the main entrance on Shoreham to replace a stolen one, and the large holly bushes were trimmed to enhance visibility and improve the entrance's overall appearance.

10. Meeting Accessibility: A process was implemented to record and live stream neighborhood meetings, providing an option for neighbors unable to attend in person to stay informed.

These achievements demonstrate Peter Fisher-Duke's commitment to transparency, communication, cost-effectiveness, technological advancements, and community improvement during his tenure as WCA President.
